Updates to upgrade procedures (#65388)
openshift/openshift-docs: upgrading/upgrade-roxctl.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====
* You need to perform the manual upgrade procedure only if you used the `roxctl` CLI to install {product-title-short}.

> * For manifest-based (roxctl) Central deployments, you can upgrade from release 3.74 to any latest patch of {product-title-short} version 4.0 through 4.4. However, for full functionality, upgrade to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For manifest-based (roxctl) Central deployments, you can upgrade from release 3.74 to any latest patch of {product-title-short} version 4.0 through 4.4 but not 4.5 or later. After that, upgrade Central to the latest version.
```

> * For manifest-based (roxctl) Central deployments, you can upgrade from release 3.74 to any latest patch of {product-title-short} version 4.0 through 4.4. However, for full functionality, upgrade to the latest version.

Reviewer 2: 1st bullet says you can do directly to latest.  2nd bullet recommends you don't.  Should we flip the order on those?

Also a suggestion on the first bullet:

* For manifest-based (roxctl) Central deployments, you can upgrade from release 3.74 to any latest patch of {product-title-short} version 4.0 through 4.4.  It is not possible to upgrade from 3.74 directly to 4.5 or later.  For full functionality Red Hat recommends upgrading central to 4.0 through 4.4 and then to the latest version

> * For manifest-based (roxctl) Central deployments, you can upgrade to any latest patch of {product-title-short} version 4.0 through 4.4. However, for full functionality, upgrade to version 4.4.

Author: I think originally it was meant to advise people to always upgrade to the latest version to get the latest features, but I think that's implicit anyway, so I'll delete.

> * For manifest-based (roxctl) Central deployments, you can upgrade to any latest patch of {product-title-short} version 4.0 through 4.4. However, for full functionality, upgrade to version 4.4.

Author: took your suggestion in the next comment - so this is fixed
